## Torsion scan of ethylene glycol

In ethylene glycol, there is coupling between the O-C-C-O torsion and the H-O-C-C torsion
because of the intramolecular hydrogen bond that forms. Here I tried running 
several different torsion scans to see if the wavefront propagation of`torsiondrive` 
can find the minima in the path. 

1. Using only one omega generated starting conformation did not find the minima with the intramolecular hydrogen bond. 
Associated files:
    * `initial_conformation.xyz` - the initial conformation used for the 1D torsion drive
    * `ethylene_glycol.ipynb` - ipython notebook of submitting the scan to qcfractal 
    * `psi4_final_energies.json` - final energies from QCFractal
    * `psi4_final_molecules.json` - final conformations from QCFractal
    * `workflow.json` - workflows for the scans
    * `visualize_scan.ipynb` - ipython notebook to visualize results
    * `ethylene_glycol_psi4_traj.xyz` - xyz trajectory of final molecules. This was used in pymol to generate images for the movie
    * `movie.mp4` - movie of scan. This movie was generated from pymol images of the conformations

2. 1D scan with multiple starting conformations. 
The starting conformations were generated by driving all 3 torsion in a 3D grid at 90 degree interval. 
Using multiple starting conformation, `torsiondrive` did find the minima with the intramolecular hydrogen bond.   
Associated files:
    * `mult_initial_conformations.xyz` - the openeye generated initial conformations
    * `multiple_starting_conformations.ipynb` - Jupyter notebook used to generate and submit QCFractal job and visualize results
    * `psi4_final_energies_mult.json` - QCFractal final energies
    * `psi4_final_molecules_mult.json` - QCFractal final energies
    * `mult_movie.mp4` - movie of scan. This movie was generated from pymol images of the final conformations in `images/`